Okay.
So in this lesson we'll talk about our project structure.
So I quickly want to walk through all of the files and folders that views Seelye generated for us at
a very high level.
So here on the left hand side, I have my project Explorer Open and let's walk through these files one
by one.
So of course, at the very top we have our voice code folder and in here we have our settings JSON file.
It's in this file that we have our project specific settings and this is mostly configuration for our
text editor itself.
It doesn't specifically have to deal with view afterwards.
We have our node modules directory.
This of course is where we have all of our dependencies.
So all of the NPM packages that are specified in packages on JSON are installed here as well as there
are some dependencies.
So it is here that we have view and s lint and prettier and BABBEL, ET, etc..
As a quick reminder, in case you are unfamiliar with the Node ecosystem, you typically should not
include your node modules directory in your git commits because this is supplementary external code
that is outside of our project and the expectation is that you should only commit your own code and
that when somebody downloads your repository they can simply run NPM install to create their node modules
folder automatically.
So you should never commit node modules to source control.
And in addition, you should generally not edit any content in here because again, all of these libraries
are other people's code and you don't want to mess them up.
You only want to focus on the code that you have control over.
Moving right along, we have our public folder right here and the only file of interest in this one
is index that each html and if I open this up, this is actually going to be the index h two null file
that our browser loads whenever the view app starts up.
And as you can see, it is pretty lightweight, it is pretty barebones.
So this is the heart of a single page application.
The page begins as a very simple HTML page.
We can see here there's actually just one div in the body.
And the idea is that JavaScript or Vue handle all of the actual updates we see on the screen.
So the addition of new elements, the removal of existing elements, the swapping of elements, the
changing of styles, all of that is handled by JavaScript.
And it is in this div right here where we sort of inject or mount our view application.
So our view application tracks all of those changes and it simply plugs into the HTML right here and
then JavaScript takes over fully.
So our JavaScript file predictably is going to be a lot larger than our index edge HTML file.
Our index file is very small because it's just the bare infrastructure that is needed to load the JavaScript
and have it inject the view application in here.
All right.
And that's the whole point of a single page application is we don't need to keep refreshing the page
and getting fresh HTML.
Rather, the JavaScript bundle includes all the logic that it needs to know how to navigate user across
different pages, how to remove certain things and add certain things, and it takes care of it automatically.
But this is where it all begins.
This is the HTML file that your browser loads whenever we look at our view app at local host 80 in our
browser.
All right, moving right along, we have our associate or source directory and this is where we're going
to be writing 95% of the code in this class.
This is basically what we're going to have all of our view related code and JavaScript code.
So most of our code is going to go in here after CRC, we have the tests directory and this is where
we're going to be writing our tests files and those are going to validate that our implementation files
in SLC are doing as they are supposed to do.
So we're going to double check that our code is working as expected.
We'll talk more about that later.
And this is not necessarily the only convention.
Sometimes people put their tests alongside their direct implementation in the CRC directory.
So this folder structure is not something that is mandated by Vue, but it's a common one where you
place your tests in a separate test directory at the top level.
It really is a matter of personal preference and consistency.
But following the way that Vue CLIA has set up our code, we are going to be writing all of our test
files within this test directory on the top level of the project.
All right.
And those are all of our directories and we still have a couple configuration files remaining.
So let's quickly walk through those.
So browsers list RC is just a kind of a requirements file for the transponder so that it knows what
versions of browsers it has to support.
So for example, right here, this says that you don't have to worry about Ie11 Internet Explorer 11.
Basically, this is a file that we never have to really worry about when we're working on our project.
But in case you have to verify support for older browsers, remember that we're going to be taking the
view code and we're going to be transpiring it to basic JavaScript that can run in a browser and certain
browsers will support certain features and certain ones will not.
So this is the file that sort of tells the transporter what it can work with and that allows it to both
include and exclude certain browsers that it needs to have.
And that affects how it transpires, the code and what JavaScript it ends up creating as a result,
right?
So we never have to really worry about it.
But if you're working with a product that needs to support legacy users on legacy.
He browsers.
This is the kind of place where you might make those changes to support those older browsers.
All right.
We don't ever have to worry about this file again afterwards.
We have, of course, our excellent RC jazz file.
This is our configuration file for the S lint linker.
We modified basically this line a lesson or two ago, and we don't really have to worry about this file
moving forward as well.
Afterwards, of course, we have our get ignore file.
This is where you can specify any files or folders that you would like get to ignore permanently, so
it will never be committed to source control.
So one example here of course, is our node module directory.
So this will never be included when you make a get commit.
And you can of course put all kinds of random files that don't really matter here if you don't want
them to be included in your source control.
Hi babble contagious.
Just configure some things that David needs in order to transpire our view code.
Once again, it's a configuration file.
We don't really need to worry about it, but it does need to stay in the project.
Same thing goes for just this is our configuration for our gest test runner.
We added this line right here.
A couple lessons go and we never really have to worry about this file again.
All right, jazz config.
That JSON here sets up some basic JavaScript logic, basically communicating some of the logic of the
type of version that we're trying to get to in JavaScript.
S5, things like establishing the SA C directory as the kind of the home or root directory.
Once again, these are just compiler options for translation.
We don't really need to worry too much about customizing the values here because the visualized sets
up a reasonable default for us to work with.
All right.
Finally, of course, we have packaged JSON.
This is where we have all of our project dependencies.
So they scroll down.
You can see here is my version of view.
We also have our dev dependencies listed below.
And as a reminder, dev dependencies are packages that we don't need for the end user in the browser.
They still exist for the benefit of us, the developer.
So for example, prettier right here is really great for formatting our code, but for the end user
they don't really care.
They're not looking for our code in the browser, they're not looking for that.
Another example is just, which is our test run.
Our tests are very important to verify that our code works, but it makes no difference to the end user
using our website.
So these dev dependencies are strictly for us as developers.
While these dependencies are the actual NPM packages that Vue needs in order to run in the browser.
As another quick reminder about the NPM ecosystem, we have this script section right here, and the
way this works is in your terminal you can run the command NPM run, followed by any one of these keywords,
and that will correspond to the command on the right hand side.
So for example, earlier we ran NPM, Run, Serve, and that launched our view up in the browser.
The reason we were able to run serve after NPM run is because it is an available key right here.
So we can similarly do NPM run, build, npm, run, test, colon, unit, npm, run linked.
And when we run those commands from the terminal, they execute these commands right here.
And of course these commands simply rely on the view sales service which we installed to run a whole
bunch of internal commands to start up that process, whether it be serving the app, live in the browser,
building the final JavaScript bundle, running our just test suite, or lifting the files with Eastland
and prettier.
All right.
And then we have of course, I read me this is just a plain markdown file where you can write a description
about your app.
You know, this is typically where developers will show you how to set up the repository on your computer.
We're not going to be writing any documentation in this course.
We don't need to worry about it.
But if you want to use this file to keep notes, that's a good place to do it.
And finally, Vue configs is just a general configuration file for the again that usually we're never
going to have to deal with this file again.
But there are some configuration options available depending on how you would like to transport all
of you up once again for learning the basics.
View all of the defaults that you Seelye created for us here are pretty reasonable.
So we're going to stick with them throughout the course.
All right.
So that is a quick overview of the project structure and I will see you in the next lesson.